= <tt>EasyLogger</tt>

View the line matching model and/or methods on a log file in command line

    EasyLogger command_name [command-specific options] [--] arguments...

* Use the command +help+ to get a summary of commands
* Use the command <tt>help command_name</tt> to get a help for +command_name+
* Use <tt>--</tt> to stop command line argument processing; useful if your arguments have dashes in them

== Commands
[<tt>help</tt>] Shows list of commands or help for one command
[<tt>text</tt>] View the line matching model and/or methods on a log file in command line

=== <tt>help [command]</tt>

Shows list of commands or help for one command

Gets help for the application or its commands.  Can also list the commands in a way helpful to creating a bash-style completion function

==== Options
These options are specified *after* the command.

[<tt>-c, --completion</tt>] List all commands one line at a time, for use with shell completion ([command] argument is partial command to match)
=== <tt>text log_file [command]</tt>

View the line matching model and/or methods on a log file in command line

This will display the lines of the log file matching the model and/or the method
in a command line .
If tail-mode is set, only the new lines matching will be displayed whereas if
file-mode is set, it will be only the the already logged lines matching that will 
be displayed. Without any of these options, both of them will be displayed.


==== Options
These options are specified *after* the command.

[<tt>-c, --class=arg</tt>] classe(s) to match

                           The classe(s) to match in the log file. Can be mixed with method to match.
To put several classes, use a comma without space. Example -c Class1,Class2


[<tt>-f, --filemode</tt>] file-mode

                          if set, easy logger will sho only the matching past line of the file and exit.
if both file-mode and tail-mode is activated, file-mode will be chosen.


[<tt>-m, --method=arg</tt>] method(s) to match

                            The method(s) to match in the log file. Can be mixed with class to match.
To put several methods, use a comma without space. Example -m Method1,Method2


[<tt>-t, --tailmode</tt>] tail-mode

                          if set, easy logger will show only the new lines

[<tt>-v, --verbose</tt>] verbose

                         Switch to verbose mode where more outputs will be shown

